---
biome: Desert
---
A succulent desert plant that sprouts small pink flowers with a center filled with large black seeds. Alil can be chewed or smoked, and induces a brief cataleptic trance wherein strange visions may be experienced. In addition to these recreational effects, alil has a tendency to awaken latent psionic ability, which leads to it having a certain degree of popularity among adventurers. Any player character experiencing the alil trance must make an Intelligence check on 1d20. A roll of under or equal to the character's Intelligence indicates that the drug has activated a previously unknown part of the character's mind, and he gains a random psionic ability until the next long rest. 

Roll 1d10: - Temporary intelligence bonus of +1. - Precision Mind: you become skilled at reading your foes. With this capability, you can call upon your gift to strike with increased accuracy. You add your Intelligence modifier (minimum 1) to an attack roll, after the roll, but before the announcement of the result. You can use this feature a number of times equal to your Intelligence modifier (minimum of 1). - Immunity to psychic damage. - You cannot be charmed or frightened for the duration. - You may take two actions during each of your turns for the duration. - You may add 1d6 psychic damage to any attack you make of 5 or less damage. - You project a field of improbability around yourself, creating a fleeting protective shell, gaining a +4 temporary bonus to AC for 3 rounds. Only usable once in a long-rest period. - You may, as a bonus action once per combat, instantly deliver a massive assault on the thought pathways of any one creature, dealing 1d10 points of psychic damage to it. - You heal another creature’s wounds, transferring some of its damage to yourself. When you manifest this power as a full action in combat, you can heal as much as 2d10 points of damage to an ally by taking half of this damage to yourself. - You may gain proficiency in one extra skill until the long rest or proficiency with one tool or instrument for 1d6 days. 