---
biome: Swamps
---
Lurking beneath the stagnant water of swamps across the realm waits a plant made of veiny tendrils looking to fill a spine-filled maw. When unsuspecting prey wanders nearby, the tendrils snake around flailing limbs, dragging it into the maw. The plant slowly submerges back beneath the surface, crushing the prey caught within its grasp. The Marsh Maw is a danger that dwells within shallow swamps, using the brackish water as camouflage. The plant has a deep root system that goes deep, holding the monstrosity in place. The Maw often lurks at the edges of the swamp, near where herd animals come to drink. More than a few unlucky shepherds have lost members of their flock to the danger that lurks just beneath the surface. 

Armor Class: 14 Hit Points: 112 (14d10+28) Speed: 20 ft., swim 20 ft. STR: 16 DEX: 12 CON: 14 INT: 4 WIS: 10 CHA: 6 Damage Resistances: Bludgeoning Damage Weaknesses: Necrotic Condition Immunities: Blinded, deafened, frightened, prone Senses: blindsight 60 ft. (blind beyond this radius), Passive Perception 10 CR: 6 Actions: - Multiattack: The marsh maw can make two constrict attacks and a bite attack. - Constrict: Melee Weapon Attack: +5 to hit, reach 10ft., one target. Hit: 11 (2d6+3) bludgeoning damage, and a Large or smaller target is grappled (escape DC 14). Until this grapple ends, the target is restrained, and the marsh maw cannot constrict another target. - Bite: Melee Weapon Attack: +5 to hit, reach 5ft., one Medium or smaller target. Hit: 11 (2d6+3) piercing damage, and a target is blinded, restrained, and unable to breathe. The target must succeed on a DC 14 Cons. Save at the start of each of the marsh maw’s turns or take 11 (2d8+3) bludgeoning damage. If the marsh maw moves, the engulfed target moves with it. The marsh maw is unable to use the bite attack until it releases the held creature. 