---
biome: Mountains
---
An incredibly rare flower found on mountainous peaks that only blooms on a blue moon, sprouting from the ground into a shiny, white plate-sized flower, and retracting back into the ground before dawn. The petals of this flower can be ground into a fine white powder used in the creation of two separate, but equally deadly poisons. 

If the powder of the Midnight Cone petals is combined with the Midnight Cone’s Nectar, the two can be mixed to create a sweet smelling, sweet tasting syrup that becomes inert when ingested. However, this process creates a powerful, delayedresponse contact poison called Goodbye Kiss. Typical application sees the flower’s pure nectar applied to the assassin’s lips as a protective barrier followed by an application of the Goodbye Kiss syrup, and then the assassin giving the target a kiss. A creature subjected to this poison suffers no effect until the stroke of midnight. If the poison has not been neutralized before then, the creature must succeed on a DC 18 Constitution saving throw vs. poison, taking 13d6 poison damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one. In addition, the Midnight Cone Flower’s petals can be made into Midnight Tears, an equally potent ingested poison. Many nobles have died peacefully in their sleep while their loved ones lay nearby, falling to the effects of a dose of Midnight Tears administered by a stealthy assassin many hours before. The only side-effect of the poison, that can very easily be missed in investigation, is the presence of the white, pearlescent tears that the poison is named for, seeping from the recipient’s eyes as if they were crying in their sleep. Again, a creature subjected to this poison suffers no effect until the stroke of midnight. If the poison has not been neutralized before then, the creature must succeed on a DC 18 Constitution saving throw vs. poison, taking 13d6 poison damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one. 